# Meeting 8/5/2025
>Author: Dante McGee

## Item 1: Discussing Rubric

Discussing our priorities, we came up with the following list:
1. Complete Content Features 

>**Dante** and **Bianca** will finish off the analysis section.

2. Implement `CSRF` Tokens and `WTForms`

>**Mika** will implement the CSRF tokens and WTForms.

>**Zachary** will be a secondary on CSRF tokens and WTForms.

3. Implement `Unit Tests`

>**Zachary** will implement unit tests.

>**Dante** will be a secondary on unit tests.

4. Implement `System Tests`

>**Dante** will implement system tests.

>**Bianca** will be a secondary on system tests.

5. Implement `Database Migrations`

> **Mika** will implement database migrations.

>**Zachary** will be a secondary on database migrations.

6. Tidy up CSS

>**Bianca** will tidy up the CSS.

7. Tidy up overall design

>**Bianca** will tidy up design.

>**Dante** will be a secondary on tidying up design.


## Item 2: Changing Input Data

We have discussed deleting the "food" section on the form provided.

This is because it adds an extra layer of complexity to our website that would likely be incomplete by the project due date.

As such, we will continue with a simplified analysis page and alter the database schema.

## Item 3: Implementing WTForms for CSRF Mitigation

A migration to WTForms is necessary to help reduce vulnerabilities, such as CSRF. We also will not need to do as much validation on code, making it more readable. As such, we will need to migrate to a WTForms-based form.
